# 2019-June-26

- Principle - Organized knowledge is potential power.
- Based on [Padhai](https://padhai.onefourthlabs.in/courses/take/dl-feb-2019/lessons/6095818-expert-systems)
## How Expert System works?
### Analogy to how Doctor making decision on 'Dengue'?
- Looking at symptoms like fever, skin rashes, head ache, cold cough, vomiting etc.. 
- His decision is based on his past experience 

### What is the Semantics of decision making?
1. Feature and
2. Rule

### Programming machine to make decision?

#### Option1: Expert System

Translating all _Features_ and _rules_ to __IF ELSE__ conditions.
Such _Expert Systems_ were useful in real world
- 1965 - Organic chemistry
- 1990 - Space Satellite 
- 1990 - Banking/Loan
- 2018 - Arabic Expert system fir Voice synthesis [link](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/exsy.12284)

> Expert System = Domain Expert's knowledge to Programs.

Limitation
1. Lots of data and hard to find the rules
2. Difficult to implement and maintain complex rules
3. Rules are difficult to write as a boolean function (eg subjective thing like honesty)
4. Rules are unknown

#### Option 2: Raise of Machine learning
> Data  -> Man -> Function
instead
Data -> Machine -> Function 

y = f(x)
ML helps is all about identify the function and finding the parameters.

##### Why ML Succesful?
- Data 
    - Multiple Modal - Text, Image, Video, Speech
    - Multi lingual
- Democratization - available libs
- Devices - Cheap computing

##### Different Roles in the ML World (Pyramid View)
1. Define Task, Collect, Curate Data :boom:
2. ML Engineering - What algorithm to use? :ok_hand:
3. ML Researcher - Fast efficient & better

## Link
[Siraj Ravel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8xlCNzkX5w)


# Questions
1. Where to apply what algorithm?
2. 


# Ideas
1. App to find best restauants nearby based on reviews in different sites
2. 